When I first started college, I really had the idea that I didn't want
to work while I was in college. I really wanted to focus on my school,
focus on my work. However when I looked at what was available I
kind of saw that the jobs that you have in college are really really
important for your success, for understanding what it is you're doing.
When I was an undergrad I became a residential computing consultant
which is someone that goes to the dormitories, looks at people's
computers fixes their wifi. That experience was so great. It's one
of the crowning glories of my Berkeley experience because I remember
those things. I remember the people. I remember the coworkers that
I had, and the parties that I went to, it was very, very good. Not only
that, it paid a decent amount of salary that helped me get through
my college years. When I became a graduate school, I also had the
impression like no I'm gonna go to school, I'm going to focus on my
classes and not worry about jobs. I had enough money to support myself.
However a job showed up, the job that you're seeing right now that
I'm doing, that really fit in to my major specifically. I study
game development and a job came along that said well if you've been
in the military, and if you are studing game development, and if you
know computer science and if you're interested in game design, then
we have a job for you. So that was, it was awe-inspiring that a job
like that existed for me, and again in my graduate school that's one,
it's one of the main things that I remember from my education. So
having a job can be an integral part of your college experience if
you choose the right one.